We pretty much remember most of our, even if it's the same ship in the same season or different seasons, it's always different.
Because it's different passengers, different weather, different market stalls or different musicians come in.
So everyone sounds unique to us. I mean, obviously some are more memorable than others.
Yeah, we were really nervous, obviously, because it was the first kind of live event and we'd been planning for months.
And we'd had to do it from scratch. We had to come up with a logo, the name, all the branding, the material, the promotion and the kind of guidelines to the ship.
And then the volunteer group of friendly faces, you know, we had to recruit and train and all of that kind of thing.
So it had been a really busy, hectic kind of four months. And then all of a sudden, the day was the day sort of thing.
It was just one of the smaller ships, the Corinthian, who comes back about 10 times through the season each year.
They were our first and which was probably just as well because there's only 100 passengers on there.
But yeah, everything went off as we planned. You know, in fact, it better really. They were really pleased.
We were really chuffed. It was a very exciting and tiring day. At that point, we did a welcome and a farewell for the smaller ship.
So it was literally all day for us. But that's evolved into just welcomes for the smaller ships now.
Yeah, we had musicians, we had I couldn't tell you which entertainment then because that was a while ago.
We've had quite a lot of them since. But yeah, we had a good little team because obviously it was early start of the friendly faces.
And it was fun.